---
lang: en-US
title: Privacy Policy
description: Privacy Policy
date: 2022-05-25 05:09:29
---
# Privacy Policy

1. Introduction

   1.1. Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  is committed to building the best free apps for global players. This Service is provided by Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  and intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Services. If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
2. Information Collection

   2.1. When you register a JoyArk account with us, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to SMS, Name, Mobile Number, Email Address, Facebook ID, and any other data which you supply us via our Services.

   2.2. For a better experience, while using our Services, we may also collect the following information: 

       2.2.1. Your Network status and connection information which specifically will be used to help optimize your connection. 

       2.2.2. Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to your game history; your purchase history; your published posts and reviews and other data generated by your use of our Services.

   2.3. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party Services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party Services providers used by the app.

3. Information Use

   We will use your information in the following ways:

   3.1. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us, like providing access to your JoyArk account, providing you with the games and technical support and in general allowing to use JoyArk Services and its functionalities when you choose to do so f. ex. your JoyArk user profile, chat, forum or cloud saving.

   3.2. to ensure that JoyArk services are presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you access JoyArk services.

   3.3. to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us and which we feel may interest you - in particular, we may send you newsletters or emails about JoyArk services, special and occasional offers like a welcome offer or provide you with ads, offers and product recommendations on the basis of your purchases or activity on our and third party websites and services (of course, it’s optional and we ask you first for permission to do so);

   3.4. to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing actions and improve the quality of our marketing;

   3.5. to notify you about changes to JoyArk services and our legal documents.

   3.6. to improve or modify JoyArk services, ie. based on which games you like, how you play them, reported problems, your suggestions or satisfaction surveys;

   3.7. to calculate conversion rates and other elements of JoyArk performance.

   3.8. in connection with the services of our Partners, such as payment processors, but only to the extent necessary to provide those services.

   3.9. to create a universal user’s profile based on information about your use of JoyArk Services and other platforms (we’ll rely on data made available when you merge your JoyArk account with your account on other platforms) in order to make our Services even more interesting for you.

   3.10. to protect you from an unauthorized use of your account and against fraud;

   3.11. for tax, legal and accounting purposes;

   3.12. for the accountability purposes as defined by EU legislation (GDPR).

4. Information Deletion

   4.1. Delete personal data

   If you want to delete your information from this site, please send email to  support@joyark.com, so that we can delete your information from our site manually.

   4.2. Receive personal data

   To receive your personal data, please send email to support@joyark.com. We will send you a copy of all your personal data we possess. Also, data will be in a common machine-readable format so that you can use it to pass it on to another data collector of your choice.

   4.3. Edit/Rectify data

   In order to edit your personal data, you need to login into your account. After login, you will be able to edit/rectify your data from "Account" section.
5. Google Play Services Log Data

   5.1. We want to inform you that whenever you use our Services, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, user ID, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Services, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
6. Cookies

   6.1. Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
 
   6.2. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their Services. 

   6.3. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
7. Service Providers

   7.1. We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: 

       7.1.1. To facilitate our Services; 
       7.1.2. To provide the Service on our behalf; 
       7.1.3. To perform Service-related Services; 
       7.1.4. To assist us in analyzing how our Services is used. 

   We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

8. Security

   We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

9. Third-Party Services

   This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to these external sites or companies. Therefore, we strongly advise you to refer directly to their privacy policies. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or Services.

10. Kids Privacy Policy

   10.1. We takes special care to protect the privacy of children, and our Products and Services are not targeted for use by children under the age of 13.
 
   10.2. We do not and will not knowingly collect personal information from any child under the age of 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers.
 
   10.3. Please contact us, if you are a parent or guardian and are concerned about the transfer of personal information about your child. If you are under the age of 13, please inform your parents or guardians before you use.
11. Terms & Conditions

   11.1. By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you - you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You are not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You are not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also should not try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd. .
 
   11.2. Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd. is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its Services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its Services without making it very clear to you exactly what you are paying for. The app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Services.

   11.3. It is your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. Therefore, we recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the app will not work properly or at all. You should be aware that there are certain things that Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  will not take responsibility for. 

   11.4. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you do not have access to Wi-Fi, and you do not have any of your data allowance left. If you are using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you are accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you are using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app. Along the same lines, Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app, i.e., you need to make sure that your device stays charged - if it runs out of battery and you cannot turn it on to avail the Service, Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  cannot accept responsibility. 

   11.5. With respect to Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd. 's responsibility for your use of the app. When you are using the app, it is important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
 
   11.6. At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android - the requirements (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you will need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd. does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android & iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the app when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
12. GDPR

   12.1. Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  takes the security of your data and our infrastructure very seriously. We are committed to providing an environment that is safe, secure, and available to all of our users.

   12.2. Passed in 2016, the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the most significant legislative change in European data protection laws since the EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC), introduced in 1995. The GDPR, which becomes enforceable on May 25, 2018, seeks to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and serve as a single piece of legislation for all of the EU. It will replace the EU Data Protection Directive and all the local laws relating to it. We support the GDPR and will ensure all Jollystart Global Pte. Ltd.  Services comply with its provisions by October 20, 2021. Not only is the GDPR an important step in protecting the fundamental right of privacy for European citizens, it also raises the bar for data protection, security and compliance in the industry.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy

   13.1. We may change this Privacy Policy if we think it is necessary for legal reasons or to reflect changes in JoyArk Services. If so, We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will also update the “Last Updated” date.

   13.2. Once we change the Privacy Policy, It will be effective immediately after we post it online.
14. Changes to This Terms and Conditions

   14.1. We may change our Terms and Conditions at any time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. 

   14.2. Once we change the Terms and Conditions, They will be effective immediately after we post them online.
15. Contact Us

    If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us via support@joyark.com.